Yes. So good plan toe have in place in case there's an emergency, which
the definition of emergency is. You're not expecting it, but one instances,
I was deployed. I fact, I went with the Marines over to Afghanistan,
and about three weeks into my deployment, hurricane came
down the East Coast, where they had to evacuate everybody in that location.
So the plan we had in place was having some readily funds available,
some cash, um, that my wife could take in case the banks and
the A T. M's were down. And we were able to use that cash to get a
hotel room, and she was able to go far enough away with the plans that
we've already established, um, to take care of that emergency. So
really having a contingency plan, having some resource is available
in case even a natural disaster happens. And I think that's the best
way that you could go for planning for an emergency